# app-ads.txt
The app-ads.txt file is a text file used to enhance the advertising performance within your application using Google's AdMob service. This file allows you to control the advertisements displayed on your digital property and ensures the provision of accurate and reliable ads to users. Here are the steps to modify the app-ads.txt file:

1. **Locate the File:**
  First, ensure that you have integrated the AdMob service into your application. Then, look for the app-ads.txt file in the root directory of your website or application.

2. **Open the File:**
   Open the app-ads.txt file found in the path:

```
public > app-ads.txt
```

3. **Edit the File:**
   Once the file is open, you'll find text lines. Each line represents an advertising source. Your goal is to add the correct ad sources according to AdMob's guidelines.

4. **Add Ad Sources:**
   To add an ad source, write the following text on a new line:

   ```
   google.com, [Publisher_ID], [Ad_Type]
   ```
   Where:
   - `[Publisher_ID]` is your publisher ID in AdMob.
   - `[Ad_Type]` is the type of ad, such as "DIRECT" for direct ads or "RESELLER" for resold ads.

5. **Save Changes:**
   After making the appropriate edits, save the file.

6. **Check Changes:**
   Once the file is uploaded, you can verify that the changes have been applied correctly through the AdMob control panel. It may take some time to see the results fully.

Modifying the app-ads.txt file helps enhance ad performance and ensures the delivery of reliable and accurate ads to users. Carefully review AdMob's guidelines and ensure that you add ad sources correctly.