# Build the work environment

The working environment is where developers and programmers work on developing software and computer applications. It is a fundamental component of the software development process, as it provides the necessary resources and tools for writing and testing code.

The working environment consists of several elements, including:

- Code editor
- Libraries and frameworks
- Operating systems and hardware

The purpose of the working environment is to provide a suitable and efficient setting for developers to achieve their goals in developing applications with ease. The working environment contributes to increasing developers' productivity and improving the quality of the software they produce. With a good working environment, developers can focus on their creativity and realize their vision by developing outstanding and innovative applications.
::alert{type="info"}
Do not worry, you do not need to be a software developer, we have made everything easier for you, on the template modification page you will find that it is easy and simple
::

## Step 1: Downloading "apage" Template Files
- Obtain the "apage" template files from a trusted source.
- Extract the template files if they are in a compressed format.
  
## Step 2: Downloading and Installing VSCode
- Visit the Visual Studio Code website using the following link: https://code.visualstudio.com/
- Click on the "Download" button to download the appropriate installation file for your operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).
- After downloading the file, open it and follow the instructions to install VSCode on your computer.

## Step 3: Installing Node.js
- Visit the Node.js website using the following link: https://nodejs.org/
- Click on the "Download" button to download the appropriate installation file for your operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).
- After downloading the file, open it and follow the instructions to install Node.js on your computer.

## Step 4: Installing Dependencies
- Open Visual Studio Code on your computer.
- Open the "apage" template folder using Visual Studio Code.
::alert{type="info"}
File > Open Folder > apage
::
- Open the Terminal within VSCode by clicking on View in the top toolbar and selecting Terminal from the dropdown menu.
::alert{type="info"}
View > Terminal
::
- In the Terminal, type the command **npm install** and wait for all the dependencies and libraries used in the template to be installed.

::code-group
  ```bash [terminal]
  npm install
  ```
::

## Step 5: Running it for Preview
- Open the "apage" template files using Visual Studio Code and make the necessary modifications according to your application's needs.
::alert{type="info"}
File > Open Folder > apage
::
- Once the edits are done, go to the Terminal within VSCode and type the command **npx nuxi dev** to build and run the application.

::code-group
  ```bash [terminal]
  npx nuxi dev
  ```
::

- After the build is completed, go to your web browser and open the following URL: http://localhost:3000
- You will see a preview page of your application, where you can test and preview the changes you made.

By following these steps, you can download and install VSCode, get the "apage" template files, install the dependencies, edit the project, and run it for preview and testing. Enjoy the experience of editing and controlling the content and customization to create the application you want to present to your audience.