# introduction
## Definition of API
API stands for "Application Programming Interface." It is a software interface that allows different applications to communicate and interact with each other. The API serves as the connection point between a specific set of services or data and the applications that want to use them. 

APIs are designed to provide specific methods for interacting with particular components or services. When developers use an API, they can call and use specific functions of those components or services without needing to understand complex internal details. The API acts as a bridge that enables simplified and standardized communication between different applications.

A well-known example of API usage is in social networks. When one application allows sharing a post on another platform, it uses the Application Programming Interface (API) provided by the original platform to enable posting from a different app.

In general, APIs are a fundamental tool in software and application development, enabling the expansion of application functionalities without the need to rebuild every part from scratch.

## Why the api
The main benefit of using the API in the developed template lies in the ease and simplicity of customizing and modifying the template's content and appearance. This means that as a template user, you won't need to be proficient in programming languages or possess deep coding expertise to experiment with your modifications and customizations.

When we talk about the ease of modification and customization, we mean:

1. **Simple and Intuitive User Interface:** The API's user interface is designed to be user-friendly for both beginners and professionals alike. You'll find an interactive and easy-to-understand user interface that allows you to make modifications with ease and just a few clicks.

2. **Editing Texts and Content:** You can easily change texts and content on the pages through a simple interface that resembles a text editor. You'll be able to edit titles, paragraphs, and elements quickly and effortlessly.

3. **Customizing Design and Styles:** Using the API, you can change the overall design of the template, including colors and styles, with ease. You'll be able to apply your customizations without the need to deal with complex CSS codes.

4. **Adding and Editing Images and Media:** You can upload new images and multimedia and edit them easily through the API interface. You'll be able to change existing images and add new content without technical difficulties.

5. **Instant Preview:** One of the most important aspects of ease of modification and customization using the API is that you'll see changes and modifications to the template instantly. You won't need to refresh the page to see the effects of the changes you've made.

With the Application Programming Interface (API), the process of modifying and customizing the content and appearance of the template is significantly streamlined and simplified. This means that you, as a template user, won't need to possess advanced programming skills to make adjustments and customizations. The API empowers you to tailor the template to your needs and preferences seamlessly.

## To modify the API

In general, when we talk about modifying an Application Programming Interface (API), we refer to changing how your application interacts with the services or data provided by another application. This means updating how you utilize the functions and services available through the API without affecting the internal source code of your application.

- The "Services": This refers to the content that you see when previewing the template.

- The "Functions" you are updating: These are the script files of the API.

- The Source Code: It encompasses everything from the codes that you were supposed to modify. However, since we've developed a new approach, you no longer need to delve into that.

In essence, modifying an API involves adhering to the API documentation and utilizing the designated functions to interact with the services or data. This allows you to customize your application's behavior easily without dealing with intricate internal details.

here is a simple example of a JSON file containing general data for a list of users:

::alert{type="info"}
JSON format is widely used in web APIs as a means of exchanging data between applications in an organized and efficient manner.
::

::code-group
  ```bash [Users.json]
  {
    "users": [
      {
        "id": 1,
        "name": "John Doe",
        "email": "john@example.com",
        "age": 28,
        "country": "USA"
      },
      {
        "id": 2,
        "name": "Jane Smith",
        "email": "jane@example.com",
        "age": 24,
        "country": "Canada"
      }
    ]
  }

  ```
::

## Where to find api files

here are the steps to find the API files:

1. Open the Project Folder: Open the folder of your project using the text editor of your choice.

2. Navigate to the Appropriate Path: Go to the folder where the JSON files for the API are located. In this case, it's the "content" folder and then the "api" subfolder.
::alert{type="info"}
content > api > .. files
::

1. Browse the Files: You will find JSON files there containing the general data and information related to your application's API.

Remember that the API files located in the "content > api" folder are the ones that can be modified and interacted with through the API interface for easy customization and adjustment of content and appearance.

### content list

::alert{type="info"}
content > api > .. files
::

::code-group
  ```bash [components]
  // components 
  ---------
  <HeroSection />
  <Goalvision />
  <Features />
  <Download />
  <Faq />
  <Footer />
  ```
  ```bash [Json files]
  // content > api
  ---------
  heroSection.json
  goalvision.json
  features.json
  download.json
  faq.json
  footer.json
  ```
::